Forgive me for needing you in my life;Forgive me for enjoying the beauty of your body and soul;Forgive me for wanting to be with you when I grow old. Sandra Robbins Heaton 

There is a lady sweet and kind, Was never a face so pleased my mind;I did but see her passing by, And yet, I'll love her till I die. Thomas Ford 

When I wake up in the morning,You are all I see;When I think about you,And how happy you make me.You're everything I wanted;You're everything I need;I look at you and know;That you are all to me. Barry Fitzpatrick 

You make me feel so happy;Whenever I'm with you.You make me feel so special--This love is too good to be true. Rosemary Anne Nash 

If you were a teardrop,In my eye,For fear of losing you,I would never cry.And if the golden sun,Should cease to shine its light,Just one smile from you,Would make my whole world bright. Hannah Jo Kee 

Since the first time I saw you,I felt something inside,I don't know if it's love at first sight,I do know I really like you a lot. Tanya C Medeiros 

Thoughts of you dance through my mind. Knowing, it is just a matter of time.Wondering... will u ever be mine?You are in my dreams, night... and sometimes... day.The thoughts seem to never fade away. Corwin Corey Amber 

I have searched a thousand years,And I have cried a thousand tears.I found everything I need,You are everything to me. Barry Fitzpatrick 

Her gesture, motion, and her smiles,Her wit, her voice my heart beguiles,Beguiles my heart, I know not why,And yet, I'll love her till I die. Thomas Ford 

I just wish someday and somehow,We can be back together, Together we'll stay,Always and forever. 

Whenever you need me, I'll be here. Whenever you're in trouble, I'm always near.Whenever you feel alone, and you think everyone has given up...Reach out for me, and I will give you my everlastin


I miss you so much already and I haven't even left yet!


I'll think of you every step of the way.

Wherever you go, whatever you do, I will be right here waiting for you.

Passionate love is a quenchless thirst.


The most precious possession that ever comes to a man in this world is a woman's heart.

One word frees us of all the weight and pain in life.That word is love.


Every day without you is like a book without pages.


Love is hard to get into, but harder to get out of.


Love is a light that never dims.

May your love soar on the wings of a dove in flight.


She who has never loved, has never lived.


Life is the flower for which love is the honey.


No words are necessary between two loving hearts.


Precious things are very few in this world. That is the reason there is just one you.


You make my heart smile.

The road to a lover's house is never long.

Why do the good girls, always want the bad boys?


Being with you is like walking on a very clear morning.


